CS224N: Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning
Winter 2018 Midterm Exam

This examination consists of 17 printed sides, 5 questions, and 100 points. The exam accounts
for 20% of your total grade. Please write your answers on the exam paper in the spaces provided.
You may use the 16’ page if necessary but you must make a note on the question’s answer
box. You have 80 minutes to complete the exam. Exams turned in after the end of the exam-
ination period will be either penalized or not graded at all. The exam is closed book and allows
only a single page of notes. You are not allowed to: use a phone, laptop/tablet, calculator or
spreadsheet:
You must disable all networking and radios (“airplane mode”).

If you are taking the exam remotely, please send us the exam by Tuesday, February 13 at
5:50 pm PDT as a scanned PDF copy to scpd-distribution@lists.stanford.edu.

Stanford University Honor Code: I attest that I have not given or received aid in this

access the internet, communicate with others, or use other programming capabilities.

examination, and that I have done my share and taken an active part in seeing to it that others as
well as myself uphold the spirit and letter of the Honor Code.

SUNet ID: Signature:

Name (printed): 0 SCPD student

Question Points | Score

Multiple Choice 18

Short Questions 32

Word Vectors 12

Backpropagation 17
RNNs 21
Total: 100

The standard of academic conduct for Stanford students is as follows:

1. The Honor Code is an undertaking of the students, individually and collectively: a. that they will not
give or receive aid in examinations; that they will not give or receive unpermitted aid in class work,
in the preparation of reports, or in any other work that is to be used by the instructor as the basis of
grading; b. that they will do their share and take an active part in seeing to it that they as well as
others uphold the spirit and letter of the Honor Code.

2. The faculty on its part manifests its confidence in the honor of its students by refraining from proc-
toring examinations and from taking unusual and unreasonable precautions to prevent the forms of
dishonesty mentioned above. The faculty will also avoid, as far as practicable, academic procedures
that create temptations to violate the Honor Code.

3. While the faculty alone has the right and obligation to set academic requirements, the students and
faculty will work together to establish optimal conditions for honorable academic work.
